Update dynamic documentation for dev.major (#2028)
qutip/qutip: doc/guide/dynamics/dynamics-time.rst

1. **Function based**: Build the time dependent operator from a function returning a :class:`Qobj`:

.. code-block:: python

    def oper(t):
        return num(N) + (destroy(N) + create(N)) * np.sin(t)
    H_t = QobjEvo(oper)

1. **List based**: The time dependent quantum operator is represented as a list of ``qobj`` and ``[qobj, coefficient]`` pairs.

.. code-block:: python

    H_t = QobjEvo([num(N), [create(N), lambda t: np.sin(t)], [destroy(N), lambda t: np.sin(t)]])

3. **coefficent based**: The product of a :class:`Qobj` with a :class:`Coefficient` result in a :class:`QobjEvo`:

.. code-block:: python

    coeff = coefficent(lambda t: np.sin(t))
    H_t = num(N) + (destroy(N) + create(N)) * coeff

These 3 examples will create the same time dependent operator, however the function based method will usually be slower when used in solver.

Solvers will accept a :class:`QobjEvo`: when an operator is expected: this include the Hamiltonian ``H``, collapse operators, expectation values operators, the operator of :func:`brmesolve`'s ``a_ops``, etc.
Exception are :func:`krylovsolve`'s Hamiltonian and HEOM's Bath operators.

> Most solver will accept any format that could be made into a  for the Hamiltonian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most solvers will accept any format that could be made into a :class:`QobjEvo`: for the Hamiltonian.
```

Given that we have a single time-dependent Hamiltonian term, and constant collapse terms, we need to specify a single Python function for the coefficient :math:`f(t)`.  In this case, one can simply do

.. plot::
    :context: close-figs

    def H1_coeff(t):
        return 9 * np.exp(-(t / 5.) ** 2)

> In this case, the return value depends only on time.  However it is possible to add optional arguments to the call, see **Insert link to arguments***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the return value depends only on time.  However it is possible to add optional arguments to the call, see `Using arguments`_.
```

It is therefore better to create the QobjEvo using an extended range prior to the solver:

.. plot::
    :context: close-figs

    N = 5
    times = np.linspace(-0.1, 1.1, 13)
    coeff = np.exp(-times)

    c_ops = [QobjEvo([destroy(N), coeff], tlist=times)]
    plt.plot(
        mesolve(qeye(N), basis(N, N-1), np.linspace(0, 1, 11), c_ops=c_ops, e_ops=[num(N)]).expect
    )

Different coefficient types can be mixed in a :class:`QobjEvo`.

Given the multiple choices of input style, the first question that arises is which option to choose?
In short, the function based method (first option) is the most general,
allowing for essentially arbitrary coefficients expressed via user defined functions.
However, by automatically compiling your system into C++ code,
the second option (string based) tends to be more efficient and run faster.
Of course, for small system sizes and evolution times, the difference will be minor.
Lastly the spline method is usually as fast the string method, but it cannot be modified once created.

.. _time-dynargs:

Accessing the state from solver
===============================

> Not available in v5 yet

Reviewer: Perhaps we should just remove this entirely for now?
